Step-by-step Instructions for Excel Data

<Baltimore Household Income>
After choosing the city Ellicott City (where I lived for 7 years), I went to Outlas to get the data for both Baltimore and Ellicott City
I downloaded household income data for 25th percentile and all genders.
I opened the file as Excel.
In "sort & filter," I clicked filter so I could only get Baltimore's household income data.
I created a PivotTable and put "Average household income" into the "values" in PivotTables Fields.
I set the Average household income to "average" in the chart and put "tract" into the Rows.
After getting the average of the household income, I created another column of "Average of average income in Baltimore"
It is because to show the average value (linear line) in the graph
After creating the PivotTable, I created a PivotChart - a histogram and a linear line that shows the average value
I used a bar graph and set the gap width to 0, so it can look like a histogram.
Put all the axis title and named it accordingly 

<Ellicott City Household Income>
For Ellicott City household income, I took the same steps
Filtered so I can get only Ellicott City data.
Then, created a PivotTable and dragged each values into the PivotTables field accordingly.
Set the Average household income to "average" and get the average household income
Create another column so I can later show the average value on the graph
Created a bar graph and put the put the graph width to 0, so it can look like a histogram 
Created a horizontal line that easily shows the average household income
I put all the axis title and changed the color for Ellicott City graph so it can look different than the Baltimore one

<Comparing Baltimore's Household Income and Fraction Married>
Get the data for Fraction Married from Outlas (we don't need to get household data becasue we already have it)
Again, using "sort & filter" to sort out only Baltimore fraction married data
Used "=VLookup" to match up track number of household income and fraction married
Created a column of "household income" next to "fraction married" so I can match the data by VLookup
After the data is matched, create a scatter plot to see the relationship between Fraction married and Household income.
Household income is on the Y-axis of the data and Fraction married is on the X-axis of the scatter plot
Put all the axis title to clarify.
According to the scatter plot, the line is upward slopping, meaning that the more money the household has, the higher fraction married was in the city. 


<Comparing Ellicott City's Household Income and Fraction Married>
Get the data for Fraction Married from Outlas (we don't need to get household data becasue we already have it)
Again, using "sort & filter" to sort out only Ellicott City fraction married data
Used "=VLookup" to match up track number of household income and fraction married
Created a column of "household income" next to "fraction married" so I can match the data by VLookup
After the data is matched, create a scatter plot to see the relationship between Fraction married and Household income.
Household income is on the Y-axis of the data and Fraction married is on the X-axis of the scatter plot
Put all the axis title to clarify.
Similar to Baltimore scatter plot, the line is upward slopping, meaning that the more money the household has, the higher fraction married was in the city. 


